ClockworkMod for OdroidC1

To build:
Use repo to sync CyanogenMod 11.0 from GitHub then place these files in <cm11>/device/hardkernel/odroidc.
Follow instructions found online for seeting up your toolchain and environment, then make -j4 recoveryimage.

Why?
A custom recovery is not as important for a board that boots from removable flash memory. Many things done from recovery on a phone can be done by removing the C1's boot media and mounting it on a PC. But, there are a few things such as installing gapps that are much easier with a custom recovery such as ClockworkMod.


How?
Warning: Back up any data you want to keep before performing this installation

0) Download and unzip the new recovery image from the link below
1) Install the stock Android image from Hardkernel as usual
2) Boot the C1 and allow self-install to set up Android
3) Open the Web browser and navigate to a gapps site like opengapps.org. I've tested with the Arm/4.4/nano version of gapps
4) The gapps .zip file will be downloaded to the vfat sdcard partition
5) The recovery image can be flashed on a linux PC or directly on the C1 if you have a PC with adb and fastboot installed. Follow either the a or the b steps below.
On a linux PC
6a) Shut down the C1 and remove the sd card. Put the sd card in a reader and insert into the linux PC
7a) Don't mount the sd card file systems, or unmount if they mounted automatically
8a) As root, use fdisk -l to find the device name of the sd card. We'll call it sdX.
9a) Type the following command as root. Make sure you get it EXACTLY right or you'll have to re-image from scratch.
10a) dd if=recovery.img of=/dev/sdX bs=16K seek=550 conv=fsync
11a) When dd completes, remove the sd card from the linux computer and insert it back into the C1
12a) Boot the C1 normally
13a) Proceed to step 14
Directly on the C1
6b) Connect the C1 to the PC with adb and fastboot
7b) Type (as root if linux): adb devices
8b) You should see a device name that starts with HKC1
9b) Type (as root if linux): adb reboot fastboot
10b) When the blue LED is on and steady type (as root if linux): fastboot flash recovery recovery.img
11b) When fastboot flash completes, type (as root if linux): fastboot reboot
12b) The C1 should boot normally
13b) Proceed to step 14
14) Open the Android Terminal app on the C1
15 Type: su
16) Type: reboot recovery
17) If you've been successful, you should see the ClockworkMod main menu
18) Choose 'install zip'
19) Choose 'choose zip from /storage/sdcard0'
20) Choose 'Download'
21) Select the gapps .zip file you downloaded previously
22) If all goes well, you should see a message telling you the installation was succesful
23) Select 'Go Back' until you see the main menu
24) Choose 'reboot system now'
25) The C1 should reboot to your Android Launcher
26) If all went well, you now have the Google Play Store in your Apps drawer

What else can I do with ClockworkMod?
CWM has other interesting features including system backup/restore, sideload, cache clear, etc. These features are largely untested, so proceed with caution.


